morning YouTube badonkadonk here I'm
going to tell you a little bit about the
exerciser from kamen rider kiva got to
see a couple days ago it's a pretty nice
little piece of merchandise and we will
let you know all about it now you guys
knows what exit uses transformed a
rising exa and then just destroy
everything around so to get started how
about the size it's pretty nice you know
it definitely looks classy enough on the
shelf next to the XO belt it's not bad
to get started with this bad boy and I
gotta let you know it's really quiet
compared to the exit belt so if you
can't hear the sounds don't worry about
it i'll put in some more scenes later
but to get started the on switch on the
back will make the beep sound like when
he pulls it out as for the siren like
when he pulls it out of smell we flip it
open i want to tell you a little about
the buttons because this is the real
disappointing part of the acer Iser you
don't get buttons one through nine or
colon ends like you on the climax phone
they're just for big solid buttons with
stickers on them you don't lose a whole
lot of functionality because it doesn't
do that much but still a little
disappointing just from detailed
standpoint but you go ahead and do a
henchman with
it comes with a little blue piece too
right here now I don't know where
exiguus as he pulls it out out of his
ass or something in the middle of the
battle but you can use that do that now
without pressing any buttons you do a
little machine gun type of sound show
you a little bit more of a right there
now you can hold this down for as long
as you want that's not going to run out
okay I also has three other firing modes
first ones fire mode you press that
button this one does run out of ammo
and to go back to the gun it's got two
more moans that do that like blizzard
mode
Laser net mode
for kidnapping or whatever you press all
for these buns together you get Scouter
search mode I haven't seen this in the
show yet i'm following TV neons schedule
for this so i don't know what does I
don't even know if I'm doing it right
but this is what it sounds like it's
when you can flip this over and you can
see the little screen changes when you
fold it in so what's in this mode get a
little bit of us you have three those
then you gotta gonna go the last thing
it does lets you look fuse good also
makes a noise with exit built now
there's no sound to go with the mixer
Iser for the huge has how to attack that
goes after you make a little Council
Durant something sound just a little
disappointing to gotta use your
imagination there so overall I'm going
to say i recommend big sur on sir I mean
it's a lot of fun on its own and it adds
a little bit of life and functionality
to your ex about that you already have
it's worth it let's say go for it now
like I mentioned before the acer riser
is really quiet especially compared to
the exit belt so just to make sure you
can actually hear what the sounds are
i'm going to go through all the sounds
again with X rise are really close to my
camera so we'll start with the on switch
this is the siren then the henshin
can you press the call button the gun
sounds lose fire mode wizard moon laser
net motor Scouter search did you rank it